or I was in my house and good when
was going to give full action she said that
I was hungry and shit they are recording
well we see you do not wait hi friends
welcome to this section of memories
of crawler as bic the first video had
many I like I wanted to do this second
some did not remember me but another
well and that's why today I bring you
good I bring you this video let me go
for the poster
It is something heavy but hey here's
crawler memory 2
the imbecile I'm here it all started one day
that my boss was scolding me in the
office because good to me I forgot
do important paperwork but after
He tired of a while because I did not put him
attention and it went away so I took advantage
to do what any crawler
normal would
I made pupú in his desk
it's so beautiful there comes
he did not take it very well, let's say
all
so he quoted us all and asked us
several things somewhat uncomfortable
well I want to know at once who was
the funny one that was dug in my desk
and I want you to know who was going to
clean and he will eat it for funny
you better confess at once
before he truly takes action
drastic lord
was the how could you be you I did not go
and so they stayed discussing good a
little while
this has been all for this video I hope
you liked it and I want you to know that
if this
here comes my flying dragon
we see each other but I want you to know that if
this video reaches 50 I like to upload the
third video good we see you not
Suppose you fly, you're not supposed to
you were on a diet